there is
have our first bear in the river about
100 meters ahead of us what a wonderful
sight oh it's another one there's
another one coming in from the right now
these both to me look like young bears
so possibly what we could have is to
maybe two-year-old three-year-old Cubs
which means that mum could be around
here somewhere
look at that that one's almost gold so
you can see they're just picking up
scraps of salmon from the stream
obviously though these bears are capable
of being superb predators if they've got
the chance of an easy meal and their
take it they're not stupid look at that
just standing up out of the water and
there's another one beyond it Oh Mike
this is unbelievable
okay this is this is definitely two cubs
and mum yeah you can see the one over to
the right much broader at the back
that's the female and the two in front
of the Cubs she's really impressive such
a wonderful sight I mean this is an
animal that won't necessarily tolerate
other animals around it apart from when
you have a mother and her young and
they'll stick with her for a good few
years these two here I mean they look
almost like how adult bears they're
really big and sizable but they're still
keeping close to Mum it's quite a
touching sight really
incredibly cuddly almost want to run up
and give him a great big cuddle but that
wouldn't be a good idea I wouldn't
advise it
you